see that person at the airport
checkpoint they're getting scrutinized
by security keeping everyone else
waiting in the line yeah getting through
the screening seems like it takes
forever especially with those strict and
confusing rules but there are tips to
make it faster you want to know them
well then pull up a seat
oh you're sitting already way to
anticipate pal why don't travel with
coffee most people bring magnets or
keychains from their journey but if your
type of souvenir is packs of Java don't
expect to go through the security in the
blink of an eye
usually this love for coffee results in
TSA workers searching through your bags
and it doesn't matter if you travel with
a carry-on or check baggage apparently
the strong smell of coffee might be used
to hide the smell of suspicious
substances but not only coffee can get
you into trouble
mm-hmm number two avoid packing cheese
many countries just call for taking a
giant wheel of cheese back home from
holidays and who doesn't like cheese but
it's gonna be the reason for a fuss
during the x-ray monitoring because
cheese as well as all other organic
products like meat looks orange on the
screen which raises suspicions three
pack smart it's better to pack the bare
minimum if you really want to make it
quickly through the security check if
that's not an option for you then don't
put things on the bottom of your
carry-on if you know you'll have to take
them out for separate screening such
things usually include electronics and
the bag with liquids
however security can't ask you to remove
even snacks or books from your carry-on
to make sure an overstuffed bag is safe
so it's better to place those things in
a side pocket or at the top of your bag
for easy reach 4 choose the right outfit
wearing slip-on shoes is your best bet
no one wants to be that person who makes
everyone wait in line while they're
fumbling with their shoelaces when asked
to take off their Footwear I've been
there yeah the Porsche month of the shoe
laces as for clothes put on something
simple without many pockets or a lot of
metal decorations also change your bell
for one with a plastic
and try to minimize the number of
accessories such as jewelry watches and
hair pins 5 don't make a fancy hairdo
guys more on airport fashion if you have
long hair just snatch it in a simple
ponytail or keep it loose
otherwise you set yourself up for an
additional inspection from security
anything from carefully braided hair to
an elaborate updo will keep you at the
checkpoint longer piled-up hair can look
like a great style choice for you
but for TSA agents it looks like a place
where something might be hidden like a
Cornish game hen or worse sex keep in
mind a 3-1 one rule you can only bring
3.4 ounces or smaller containers on
board in your carry-on but here's a
little catch all those containers must
fit in one quart size ziplock bag this
is the so called 3-1-1 rule which many
airports follow around the world this
check the website of your airline for
more info on carry-on Val notice that
toothpaste as well as various face and
body creams are considered liquids all
other containers that are larger than
3.4 ounces regardless of the actual
amount inside must be packed in checked
baggage 7 leave your spare change at
home okay here's a bit of statistics for
you the estimated amount of change u.s.
travelers collectively left behind at
security checkpoints in 2018 with
somewhere around 1 million dollars so to
save your money and time during the
security check simply leave your pocket
change at home this way you'll have to
put less stuff in plastic bins when you
go through the scanners and will make
others wait while you're fishing for
your dimes in that bin speaking of money
8 don't bring a lot of cash
if you travel abroad it seems logical to
exchange money for the currency of the
country you're going to at the best rate
your travel agent might even recommend
this but carrying anything in bulk will
inevitably make you suspicious for
airport security the most probably are
going to ask
you questions about why you need so much
cash and where it came from no way your
bags know not wave at your bags either
do it at home or before heading out to
the airport or use the scales that many
terminals have in front of the check-in
areas to make sure your baggage isn't
overweight and even if it happens to be
a bit heavier than its supposed to be
then you'll have some time to do any
swapping between your bags before it's
your turn to show up at the check-in
counter
10 no snow globes in a carry-on ah man
such an innocent thing can be considered
a possible security threat remember that
three one one rule well you're pretty
treasurer contains more than an allowed
amount of liquor so pack it carefully in
your checked bags eleven avoid traveling
at peak times by the way this is not the
three hours between five and eight when
travelers tend to peak around the corner
at unsuspecting passengers it's the
other kind of peak no not the mountain
kind either anyway you can't avoid it
all together but if the situation allows
pick your flight wisely to save yourself
from huge lines at checkpoints airports
are usually overcrowded during the
holiday season or special sporting
events also try to avoid booking your
flight on Fridays from 4 to 8 p.m. since
this is the time when some travelers are
returning home from business trips and
others are flying out of town for
leisure 12 look for far away checkpoints
people tend to choose the closest
security line to them if that line turns
out to be super crowded
just look around after ID and ticket
check you may see another checkpoint
with much fewer people some checkpoints
at the airport are situated at the far
edges of the terminal and that's why
passengers fail to notice them 13 use
TSA PreCheck applying for TSA PreCheck
can be a great time-saver for traveling
in and out of the u.s. being a member of
this program has some great perks first
getting through security and passport
control happens faster if you're a
preacher
traveler you won't have to take off your
shoes or remove a belt and forget about
placing your stuff like liquids and
laptops in special bins if you weren't
flying to or from the US then you can
look up similar services available in
your country 14 fly premium class of
course not everybody can afford it but
if you travel a lot for business
for example and in your situation time
is money
then you should consider this option
you'll not only get an enhanced
in-flight experience with more
comfortable seats and tastier food but
also will be whisked away to your
business or first-class seat faster
Premium class passengers can expect
expedited security lane access which
makes checking go more smoothly 15 keep
your documents close and your enemies
closer
oops sorry that's from The Godfather no
need to waste your time by digging
through your bags searching for your
papers when you reach the check-in desk
you'll have to show your ID and ticket a
few times going through airport security
so it's better to have them ready in an
easily accessible spot like an exterior
pocket or simply in your hand also
keeping them in hand is a great way to
avoid forgetting them at home or in your
car 16 check-in online post Airlines now
have this option which can save you lots
of time you can also print your boarding
pass in advance if you're someone who
usually travels only with a carry-on
checking in online will make your way
through security checkpoints faster and
easier but if you have bags that must be
checked then check and agents will
reissue another boarding pass for you at
the airport
and finally remember leave the spare
change
take the cannoli if you know what that
lines about leave me a comment
[Music]